The Last Lecture was an incredible speech to listen to because it was full of valuable lessons and advice through entertaining storytelling. At first, I was in awe at Pausch’s ability to achieve so many of his childhood dreams, such as being in a spacecraft and working for Disney, through his connections and sheer determination. As he was describing the roadblocks that could’ve prevented him from reaching these goals, I recognized them as things that have held me back from pursuing ventures of my own. 
	When Pausch’s acceptance to becoming an Imagineer was pushed back by his university’s dean due to a lack of knowledge, he was able to stand up for himself in a way that was constructive and reached a compromise. Pausch’s comment of the good and bad ways to approach things you don’t understand or have the necessary knowledge for was interesting to me. While I am the kind of person to approach what I don’t understand with curiosity, hearing that story helped me to see the point of view of those who react with gruff or stubborn attitudes, and I learned a way to navigate through those kinds of situations. 
	My favorite part of the lecture was when Pausch talked about his ETC program and the way he pioneered the path to teaching about virtual reality. I enjoyed hearing about his project based curriculum and the way he spurred inspiration into his students by giving them completely free reign and telling them they could do better after seeing their completed works. The fact that the students impressed Pausch so much so that he had to seek advice from his mentor in order to progress the class was interesting and showed his great ability as a professor. It was also incredible to hear that his program was so effective that companies agreed to hire his students immediately after graduation. 
	The conclusion to Pausch’s lecture that included the revisitation of the primary “walls” that he had faced throughout his personal and academic life was a powerful reminder that perseverance and good integrity can allow someone to reach their goals and live a successful life. His emphasis on having fun and keeping a child-like sense of wonder touched me and reminded me that the success of my lifestyle doesn’t have to be measured by how much work I do or how many people approve of it. Instead, I can choose to live a fulfilling life by creating one that I enjoy in the present and can look back on fondly. 
