While understanding your personal learning style can be helpful, I do not believe that it is strictly necessary to know or utilize in order to be a successful learner. As scientificamerican.com stated in their article The Problem With “Learning Styles,” many people use a combination of techniques to study and don’t necessarily do better when using methods that relate to their learning style. Instead, different ways of learning can be better depending on the subject and other factors. 
	As for me, I never paid attention to my supposed learning style. After taking the learning style quiz, I was labeled as a tactile learner. This makes sense because I like to learn new things by figuring things out on my own and doing things that relate to the subject I’m studying. However, when studying for a test, I find myself doing things that a “visual learner” might do, such as practice with flashcards or watch videos to review. In actuality, there are few instances where I actually learn through active participation or physical activity. 
	For those who do not study often or struggle with learning on their own, understanding their learning style could be helpful. Students and learners could use their style as a base for further studying and practice methods until they discover better ways that work for them. Learning styles could also be a good thing for instructors to consider for their students, but not necessarily something that they should follow strictly. This acknowledgement of different methods of studying can help the teacher advise their students or offer different methods if the student is struggling. 
All in all, while learning styles can be good to know for beginner learners or considered by teachers, there is no benefit to strictly following methods that relate to a person’s style. Instead, it would be more helpful for someone to study in ways that personally help them, regardless of the kind of learner they are. Often, using multiple methods to study the same subject can work better, as can practicing in ways that don’t align with someone’s preferred learning method. 
